okay we've just snuck into the pizza
after a very hard and fast final in the
waterside Cioffi Chris Parma in the
outlaw tough against the tunnel boats
today mate
yeah they're like that was how it was I
mean you had plenty of speed the boat
looked really quick to me I don't know
how fast you were going but it looks
certainly well up there but into the
corners they just seem that you have to
get on the brakes a bit earlier and they
just come up on you yeah I do
the right way as you can see I've never
seen like there's not too many tunnels
in the start Australia the container as
quick as those two blokes you know so
you know I went a little bit deeper than
what I was doing in the other races and
I just go have a judgement to see that I
don't go too deep
otherwise I'll do a bit of a whoopsie
locative down there and the other one if
I go too deep you know I'm out of the
water absolutely right so it's a real
balance between power and finesse and
trying to get the boat round the Karuna
and putting the power down coming out
again yeah you know it is it's yeah and
I was doing some puffing out there you
know she was she was good you know like
I've seen you know it's not going to be
bad I wasn't getting a pair on too bad
and I stuffed up one little stuff up and
each bike
great race today we really enjoy
watching your ace Chris and I did a
great job both look fast look loud it's
fantastic and you're going and it's
still going and it's still going and
we're gonna see a full day's program
tomorrow so good luck in the Gulf I look
forward to it